# Digital Media Components
## Pamphlet
  The pamphlet is in the size of an A4 horizontal document as A4 paper is a very common size that is used for printing. An A4 sized pamphlet will allow the pamphlet to fit in a range of cases to ensure that the quality of the pamphlet is reserved. As for the font, one type of font is used for the whole pamphlet but the use of bold text and italics is incorporated to ensure that the required text is emphasised and there is a variety despite the use of only one font. The color of the font consists of equal amounts of blacks and whites as there are light and dark backgrounds. The color palette came from the idea of the suitcase itself and the colors from the Indiegogo page of Ovis. Different shades of blue and a few shades of grey were used to have a variety and to not have a flat pamphlet with few colors. Most of the main headings were around the size of 36 points and the subtexts being 11 points or 12 points to the information to be sorted in headings that could be easily seen and understood by the reader.
  The most of the images were around 72 pixels per inch as most of the images were taken from the Indiegogo page or screenshots from promotional videos of Ovis. Although 72 pixels per inch was not a preferred setting, there were not much alternatives to these images. The inclusion of images was used to give the reader a visual of the suitcase and to figure out if it appeals to them, and it was also to add visuals from the amount of text that is seen in the pamphlet. Minimalist icons with a set black and white color fit the overall theme of the pamphlet as there are few colors and had a more sophisticated feel to it.
  The margins of the pamphlet were set by InDesign as there was a 3-panel template available when creating the file. The margins of the text and images inside the panels were set to create a more pleasing and neat feel. 

## Infographic
The infographic is 210 x 410mm as it felt more appropriate to create a large infographic to capture people's attention. The main font is Gill Sans MT to differ from the font from the infographic but also because it was created on a separate device. Both fonts still incorporate a more serious feel as it does not have much curves or decorations at the end. Most colors consist of the colors from the creators of Ovis and the suitcase itself. In both the infographic and the pamphlet, greys, blues, whites, and black is included to not stray away from the original product. The infographic's images are similar to the pamphlet as it contains 72 pixels per inch, these were gathered from Ovis' Indiegogo page and from extra photos from Google. 72 PPI is still not our recommended set but there was no access to the original pictures . The margins were also set by InDesign to look neater. 
