# Ethical Concerns
## Accessibility
Computer accessibility to those with sensory disabilities is an ever-present problem in information technology design. Our website is no exception. Those with hearing difficulties should not have any significant problem, as the only website element that includes audio is the youtube video, in which no important content is conveyed through audio. Those with visual impairments, however, could have substantial problems navigating our website. Special client-side software would be required to convert the text on the page to audio. Images would also cause problems for these users. To try and minimise this problem, the most important images on the website have had alternate text added to them. Furthermore, most images that do not have alternate text are only supporting images to the content they are directly next to. The content they are next to should provide sufficient information for visually impaired users. However, this issue could still be better resolved by providing text alternatives for all images, not just those deemed important.

## Privacy
The website contains two web forms, 1 each on preorder.html and contact.html. Both of these forms collect personal information. This poses a significant privacy concern for our users. The data is not encrypted at any point, and is stored on a server highly vulnerable to attacks. This puts the information at risk of being hacked, either during transmission, such as through a man-in-the-middle attack, or while on the server, which is susceptible to DDoS or even DoS attacks, and brute force attacks. Currently, the data is also published onto a publicly accessible Github page, although all information currently entered is fake, and this publishing would presumably cease if the system was to be actually used. There are also no mechanisms in place to prevent developers stealing or improperly using the data.
If the website we have developed were to be properly implemented, it should be run on a certified https server, and data received should be stored in a secure, encrypted database. Restrictions should be placed on how developers can access and use the data, and a public privacy policy should be created. Industrial-grade https servers and legal privacy policies are however beyond the capability of those currently working on this project.
